# CHANGELOG

## 0.1.0: Initial Release

Basic functionalities, DEBUG Mode as conditional compilation, Windows executable available.

## 0.1.1: BMP Example 1 Fix

BMP Example 1 was not being generated. Fixed by inverting endianness in [bitmap.h](./src/bitmap.h) (0x424D to 0x4D42).

## 0.2.0: DEBUG Mode now Example Mode

Removed conditional compilation, now example image generated by command line arguments. New functions to substitute preprocessor directives.

## 0.2.1: Windows binary removed; Refactored Makefile

From commit:

> In Makefile, "bitmap-gen" name becomes OUTPUT variable, previous "bitmap-gen" rule becomes "exec" rule, "bitmap.o" added to make clean.  
> Created fixed character length types instead of character pointers for input strings as a step to avoid possible buffer overflow attacks.  
> Unfortunately, the Windows binary doesn't work anymore (for now), and has been removed. Will return later.

## 0.3.0: Colliding Planets, by Hamid Naderi Yeganeh

From commit:  

> Version number now in README, making it clearer.  
> Added Collding Planets, by Hamid Naderi Yeganeh, to see his work in action.  
> The Windows executable now works again, somehow.  

Image generation is extremely slow.  

## 0.3.1: Batch file for Windows Compilation; Removed Some Comments

From commit:  

> Batch file used for creating the Windows .exe now available  
> Removed "example is done" comments  
> The Windows executable doesn't generate Colliding Planets, and I honestly don't know why

## 0.3.2: Fixed Example 3; Reorganized README

Issue from 0.3.1 fixed (off-by-one error).  
All sections in README with strikethrough text removed.  

From commit:

> The "are you sure you want to continue" input wasn't working. Period. Case of || vs &&.  
> I tried to make the number crunching in colliding_planets.c a bit more efficient. The code is uglier now, but I think it helped. I also put the 2 fwrites together, so it will write the pixels once per line.  
> Made the README more useful by removing the text in strikethrough. Will create a file for changes later on.

## 0.3.3: Added CHANGLOG; Linux and Windows Binaries; Comments in bitmap.h

Changelog added to register fixes (previously in README).  
Windows and Linux binaries in bin folder.  
Removed redundant comments in bitmap.h.